To Whom it may concern,
My name is Michael Maners, a partner of Hissy Cat Studio, an Indie Game Development company based in San Diego, CA. and I would like to submit a Product Offering to WCS. 

Our Goal - Support * Educate * Entertain

As game designers, one way we at Hissy Cat Studio can help support with your mission to ‘Discover’, ‘Protect’ and ‘Inspire’ is to design games that help educate people on your values of wildlife conservation by entertaining them through fun interactive games. 

Two games in One
We have designed two games “Animal Match” and “Conservationists” that we feel we have achieved our goal. The two games are actually two games in one deck of 90-cards. “Animal Match” uses a subset of the cards from “Conservationists”.

Discover

The game ”Animal Match” is an animal ‘match’ or ‘memory’ game, that is a fun activity for younger conservationists that will help them to develop vocabulary while they Discover wildlife. “Animal Match” is a 2 to 10 player game for all ages that plays in 10 minutes.

Protect

The game, “Conservationists”. Players play as Conservationists and Protect five species of animals, by building habits, sanctuaries, and protected areas, reinforcing a Human-Animal connection and wildlife conservation. “Conservationists” is a 2 to 4 player game for all ages that plays in 10 minutes.

Inspire

With ”Animal Match” and “Conservationists” we feel we have designed games that will Inspire a global audience to take an interest in and learn about wildlife conservation through interactive play.

Branding 

We will create branded versions of “Conservationists” and “Animal Match” for each of WCS properties, Bronx Zoo, Central Park Zoo, New York Aquarium, Prospect Park Zoo and Queens Zoo. As well as renaming the game “Conservationists” to “Stand for Wildlife”. WCS can also define which specific animals to use for each property, this will further help to identify the iconic wildlife species the WCS would like represented in the games.

Images of sample card backs and fronts attached. (Not the final Art) We used your logos for demonstration purposes. 

Next Steps

Hissy Cat Studio would love the opportunity to further discuss with the WCS the product offerings of our games “Conservationists” and “Animal Match” and If WCS is interested, we can print a few sample copies of the game to ship to you for your further review. if this is of interest please contact me directly @ ScratchKitty@HissyCatStudio.com

Thank you very much for your time in this matter.

Sincerely,

Michael Maners
(925) 997-8585
ScratchKitty@HissyCatStudio.com
